docs: Clarify security considerations for the Bun shell (#21691)
oven-sh/bun: docs/runtime/shell.md

Bun Shell is a small programming language in Bun that is implemented in Zig. It includes a handwritten lexer, parser, and interpreter. Unlike bash, zsh, and other shells, Bun Shell runs operations concurrently.

## Security in the Bun shell

By design, the Bun shell _does not invoke a system shell_ (like `/bin/sh`) and
is instead a re-implementation of bash that runs in the same Bun process,
designed with security in mind.

When parsing command arguments, it treats all _interpolated variables_ as single, literal strings.

This protects the Bun shell against **command injection**:

```js
import { $ } from "bun";

const userInput = "my-file.txt; rm -rf /";

// SAFE: `userInput` is treated as a single quoted string
await $`ls ${userInput}`;
```

In the above example, `userInput` is treated as a single string. This causes
the `ls` command to try to read the contents of a single directory named
"my-file; rm -rf /".

### Security considerations

While command injection is prevented by default, developers are still
responsible for security in certain scenarios.

> Similar to Bun's `Bun.spawn` or Node.js's `exec()` APIs, you can intentionally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the `Bun.spawn` or `node:child_process.exec()` APIs, you can intentionally
```

execute a command which spawns a new shell (e.g. `bash -c`) with arguments.

When you do this, you hand off control, and Bun's built-in protections no
longer apply to the string interpreted by that new shell.

```js
import { $ } from "bun";

const userInput = "world; touch /tmp/pwned";

// UNSAFE: You have explicitly started a new shell process with `bash -c`.
// This new shell will execute the `touch` command. Any user input
// passed this way must be rigorously sanitized.
await $`bash -c "echo ${userInput}"`;
```

### Argument injection

The Bun shell cannot know how an external command interprets its own
command-line arguments. An attacker can supply input that the target program
recognizes as one of its own options or flags, leading to unintended behavior.

```js
import { $ } from "bun";

// Malicious input formatted as a Git command-line flag
const branch = "--upload-pack=echo pwned";

// UNSAFE: While Bun safely passes the string as a single argument,
// the `git` program itself sees and acts upon the malicious flag.
await $`git ls-remote origin ${branch}`;
```

> **Recommendation**: As is best practice in every language, always sanitize
> user-provided input before passing it as an argument to an external command.
> The responsibility for validating arguments rests with your application code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% callout %}
**Recommendation** — As is best practice in every language, always sanitize
user-provided input before passing it as an argument to an external command.
The responsibility for validating arguments rests with your application code.
{% /callout %}
```
